friends here we're writing a simple pythons crypto.
Find all Tom carts home on conflict file locations on your host.
So you can also extended this a scrip to find Tomcat Washington.
And what is the port is using for your Tomcat?
And one more thing.
I'm implementing this escape first,
by using your functions concert,
Then I will extend that the script,
using hopes concept as well so that they will get some idea about how we're going to use
hoops concept.
Let me open my Lennox walks.
See if you want to find Tomcat.
Always.
The flu point is Rodarte XML.
I suppose if you're working with a party,
then the clue point is http dot com If you're working with supposed Web logic,
then we're blogging dot xml is the clue point.
I mean,
suppose if I find something called sir,
we're dot xml based on this number off files,
I can say that that many number off Tomcats are running on this coast.
That's it.
So we're not X eman on One more thing I am running this command.
Suppose here from route even our skipped We're going to run from route because we don't
know from which user you're running your tom care.
But you know,
from rookie,
you're having access for all locations.
That way we are winter on our by.
Transcript from road No,
here I'm taking my python Skip name has get Tomcat home conflict file on locations.
Right?
And one more thing.
So on my host Ah,
how by turn to fight on three as well.
So this is the fight on three location,
then let generate very first line as your interpreter line.
That's it.
Now I need a model called boys.
That's fine.
Now let me Right.
Very first line us.
That's it.
Now let me defend some very one main function,
Right?
Let me take a variable called list off Tomcats.
You don't know how many time cuts you're having.
You need to find that logically.
So no.
If you run this script on your host,
if you're suppose some 10 Tomcats it has to find all the 10 timecards.
Suppose if you how Gino Dumb girls they don't find.
So in that where we are implementing this court,
get all Tomcats.
That's it.
Now let me define that function somewhere.
Get all tomcats!
So we are working on Tomcats,
right?
The first of all,
what I'm doing is for root territories and files in ways dot Walk.
We are discussed about ways.
Don't work in entire file system.
I'm looking for each and every file.
No.
For each file in your list or files.
If you want h file,
it is equals to sir.
We're not XML then.
Guys,
we know that you're going to get through territory anyway.
You're you don't You're not working on their place.
You are looking only files.
So in road,
right?
You're going to get least off files in this.
And parties are so in this file in this files,
we had to take one by one,
file out,
and I want to come back that file of its ordered XML.
In case if it is a road or XML,
then I need to store that complete part off sort of example into some location.
Let's say I'm taking list off conflict files equals two A list.
Empty list,
Mostly that.
Let me list off conflict files dot A pen ways dot part dot Join You are rude directly with
your each file.
That's a so by the completion off your for Luke.
You're going to get all sort of maximal files with complete part.
Then that list that list off files we are storing in the available core list off conflict
files.
No any to return that.
So that in main function,
whatever the variable we define into dark,
this list off convict files will store.
Right?
So you just I'm writing one prince treatment here for our understanding finding list off
Tomcats.
That's a no.
Let me print that list off blankets.
So as of now,
we're finding only the list off Tomcats.
I mean,
in terms off configuration file.
Now,
let me provide execution permission for your file.
Then let me run days and see that is very finding list off Tomcats.
So least off Tomcats is always you can find with the help of Sardar XML.
File what happened or return?
None.
Let's stuff Tomcat.
Oh,
sorry.
I ordered an income,
so I mean,
as a string that is available,
right?
We should not take conditions now.
See the result?
Yes.
You're getting two configuration files.
That means on your horse we're having to Tom Kurtz.
No,
I want to create a separate variable for each and every Tomcat such that in that variable I
should store Tomcat home as well as conflict file.
Then how can I do it?
See that?
Let me come in this line first thing What I'm saying is I want to take one by one for each
conflict file for each conflict file in your list off farm cats,
then that it like,
and print days buried like an print.
Suppose See that our Tom car to home is Then I can say ways dot but the door D a r name.
So this time get home means in your configuration files upto This is the Tomcat home.
That's why I need to come to levels back in your configuration file so far that what I'm
doing is two times I'm coming back from your configuration file.
Where is the bader?
The air name?
You were each conflict file then.
Apparently,
I can print the conflict file as well.
Of course,
this is correct.
Tom card conflict file is so definitely whatever the file you're having in your hand,
that is conflict.
While only no,
by this your court is over.
No,
Let me simply bring in four for I'm gut Let's say here I want to point some variable some
get one and Tom care to then hear.
What I can do is we know how many Tom guards are there.
So ConEd equals two length off list off Tomcats,
right?
Anyway,
otherwise you're you're repeating loop,
right?
Simply can't take in Chile counties one.
So I can write a year counter variable,
then are for completion off your information for your first variable.
Simply,
I can increase counter value.
That's it.
Now let me run the score and see the output.
Yes,
other.
Or put finding the stuff Tomcats.
Then in 44 time,
get one So time get home on time,
Get conflict file in 44 time ghetto you are getting but directly or displaying.
But sometimes you may how requirement on the result off this tomcat one time Catto so that
you need to store these values into some variable.
So to start this time,
get one home on conflict file.
India variable what you can take what type of registered Kerrigan select.
So what if we go on select list?
It is not about one time.
Get your having to dump gets then if you take only list,
then you have to append the first time.
Get home.
First time get conflict file,
then second time,
cut home,
then Second Tomcat Conflict five.
That means always you're storing into one configuration file.
Sorry,
one list.
And from the least you have to take one by one value based on index.
But that is not correct.
Why?
Because see that?
Let me dick,
whom conflict file files equals toe.
Then instead of printing in soft printing,
what I will do is let me come in.
This lights,
anything is fine.
But just I'm writing in this way whom conflict files dot a pain this value but opening
multiple tomcats in the single.
This is not a good practice,
so configuration file.
I'm opening at the same time.
I need to Ah,
pain in tow.
That your conflict?
Sorry.
As if no,
I opened it.
Whom the 90 Karpin you were Conflict fight.
So,
for first to look,
we're going to a friend in this list.
1st 2 Tomcats,
second loop again.
You're continue continuously happening.
Second time guarded ills.
That means the entire all Tom Cares doodles you're storing into one corn one list,
But that is not a good.
That's why what I'm doing is I'm going to take a dictionary.
I'm going to I'm going to take a victory,
not let me remove all these values.
See that?
What?
I'm doing These first,
let me find simply Tom.
Get home.
So it is nothing.
But where's that park?
Dirty air name,
then.
Ways dot dot dot B a r name.
Then you work configuration fight.
Then you know,
Tomcat conflict file equals to simply you are each conflict file only.
That's fine.
No offer that.
What I will do is I will create a key in my dick study.
So home conflict files,
Tom,
cut.
Bless for Tom.
Get when I'm creating a key.
Call time.
Get one because you don't know how many time cats are there.
Dynamically.
I'm going to create kiss.
So string off you are common then in the key.
I'm Harding.
You're list values.
One is Tom.
Get home,
guys.
Maybe I'm extending this concept on necessarily,
But if you go in this way,
you'll get some idea while writing hoops concert.
For that,
I am writing in this way.
Then,
after completion of your for loop,
suppose if I try to print you are home and conflict files.
You're going to get a victory on the You can see the output for that very clearly in terms
.
Off key and values keys.
Tom,
get one,
then valleys are home and conflagration for you.
Then one more key.
See there.
I'm get one home on conflict file.
Respect to home Respect a conflict for Tom Care to respect to home and desperate to convict
Feit.
That's fine.
No,
As if no,
you help.
You were a dictionary which consists off based on keys.
The number off Tomcats.
Now I want to display clearly we first Tomcat information and second time cut information.
Right?
So what I'm doing is for that I'm display.
I'm reading a display function Display details.
You guys actually unit off all these things that look alighting inside off your for Luke
print statement.
But sometimes you may how work on this values in different places in your core.
Are there time unit to store?
You are each time get details into some variable.
So the best away whenever the fee how multiple Tomcats not only multiple Tomcats.
Whenever If you're some multiple things in your court.
I mean,
on your host at that time you heard the story or data in your dick study nor display
details to display your details.
You need to send the variable value what you are going to display.
So anyway,
you're going toe Display your information from victory.
I need to pass that.
Then let me write somewhere this play details.
Then let me take.
You can take same argument.
Neymar.
You can also take different argument.
Name?
No problem,
right?
No,
no.
In this year,
How come Get one and time ghetto.
Maybe if you have some 10 time gets all time cards,
information will be there in this right?
No see that for each key.
Each key in you would home conflict files dot kiss,
you know,
kiss.
Then simply print each study home gone phrase from a key called it a key.
That's it,
then Simply a return None.
Now let me run the score and see the output It is finding your Tomcats.
Answer is finding seen already displaying your foster tomcat and second time got
information as a list off values.
That's fine,
but again from this,
if you want to separately display tomcat Home and Tomcat conflict file.
You had to write a logic here in this way.
See that what I'm writing here anyway,
Tomcat Home is always a listed index Kojiro into at least from God.
Conflict filings index one because it is Lenti.
But you need this information for you were Oops.
Concert in the Tomcat home is so that is the list in the at least Jill Index,
then brain the go on cat conflict file.
He's Oh,
I'm using If string right in it.
Right,
Carl embraces,
then home can file h G off index one.
That's it.
Say we on Ronnie.
See that desert?
What happened?
Redundant.
Yeah,
Extra character.
No.
See the desert,
right?
You're getting clearly or time.
Get home for first time,
Karen.
Second bomb Get that's fine.
Under the same information we're also getting from this loop itself without creating your
dictionary.
But what I am saying is sometimes you may how requirement on the result off this time cut
in another place in your core of that time.
In this story,
what data into some variable.
So here we have taken big study.
That's fine.
No,
gays just observed that you're having a dictionary in your hand.
If you want to print the information from your dictionary with the help of function for
your function in her toe,
pass your unit to pass your Dexter details.
But if I go with troops concert,
there is a small advantage.
First,
let me do one thing.
First thing you know,
hoops concert is useful to create an absurd.
So if there is nothing but if you are very here on your horse female,
any number of Tom Card's If you're someone.
Time Carrie.
How to create one object.
If you're some 10 Tomcats,
you need to create some 10 objects so dynamically hard to create your objects and one more
thing before going to create an object you should have a class on.
One more point is before going to create an object.
You have to know how many Tomcats out there on your host.
That's why,
first of all,
you need to take this logic toe.
Finally,
stuff Tom guards on your host.
There is no change in this court.
There is no change in this court because,
you know,
to find her foster fall.
Let me savor.
Dad decides home gone with oops.
Not feeling right then?
Simply right.
First off,
all returned.
None.
Then we have some more court in our previous thing.
That is Yeah.
This one.
That's it.
So let me simply first Apprendi work list off Tomcats.
No Mirandes.
So before going to run,
let me provide execution permission for this and run this court and see the output first.
Already we know this school.
I mean from your previous script,
right?
Yes.
You're getting too some guts that fight.
What I am doing is what all the information you are print finding previously,
Tom,
get home on Tomcat conflict Fight that information I'm finding in terms off objects.
Yes.
So before going to create an absurd you should have a template for that.
So let me create a template called class from Cat.
Then let me read.
Simply object.
Then here I am writing a method call.
Good.
Who?
Corn fight.
That's it.
Self see,
you are goingto finally were Tomcat.
Whom?
From Surat XML file.
That's why you're expecting one variable for this.
Let's say I mean one argument lets us our XML then.
No,
I'm finding self taught.
Sell for dot Let's say home Tomcat whom equals to simply where's dot part dot dear your
name,
then ways dot part dirty our name.
Then you were server XML file then Self Lord Khan for file equals to simply your several
XML only that's it.
So you have it in a simple matter to find out they were time.
Get home on conflagration for Let me write one more method called display display details.
Self.
You don't need to get any values to display your details because you're already in the same
class.
That's what I looked like.
A night simply Pre Tomcat home,
off object.
You don't know how many objects you're having.
First,
we are assuming that for one object and we're creating a template.
So Tom get home is so I can write simply Self Lord Tom care whom then I'm printing.
Tom.
Get gone for file is Self Lord.
You were gone for file.
That's it.
Now let me write redone None.
That's fine,
guys,
we help you did a template toe.
Get on,
get home and con file on.
If you have a information to print the details,
we have to define your method.
That's fine.
No,
si,
what I'm doing is.
I want to create dynamically number off objects.
But I don't know how many objects I want to create,
because if I have to,
dumb gets any to create two objects.
If I have 10 time,
gets any to create 10 objects.
That's why what I'm doing is I'm taking a variable called Tomcat.
Objects equals to empty.
Then for each in for each file in your list off Tomcats.
So for each file and integrate absurd.
So I'm creating simply tomcat.
Object equals two.
How do great.
I'm good.
Absurd.
These this index right?
These this index Tom Care Yes,
I greater one time.
Good.
Absurd.
Late on for this time.
Get object.
I am calling Get home confines.
So then,
for that I am passing.
You're each file each well in nothing but your configuration files in Luke configuration
file.
Just know we created for your first love for us to look first situation one time Get object
on this object.
I want to store in this list because they really I can't You name like Tom.
Get one time car to Tom Country because these dynamics skip.
You don't know how many time cause you're going to get on your host dynamically.
New to fetch.
That's why I'm creating a name called Tom.
Get object than this.
Absurd.
I am a pending into Tomcat objects.
Not a pain,
Tom.
Cut.
Object.
So what will happen by the completion of your look if you have some 10 Tomcats,
I'm intense Ordered XML files.
You're going to create 10 Tom,
get objects on you are writing each object you're storing into your tomcat objects.
That's it,
right?
Find Finally.
Just let me bring Tomcat objects and see that is there.
Just wait.
Can see that it?
Yes.
You're getting two objects,
right?
See,
they're different objects.
No,
you know you know the hand you're having.
Some Tomcat officers know for each and every object I need to get the information.
Then just to call that particular object display details?
No.
See,
once again,
I'm using for loop on this Objects for each object in You were Tomcat objects.
Then let me called simply each object.
So each object maybe for stop just a second object or third object.
Whatever it may be in that we are calling display details.
That's it.
That's it right now let me run and see the result.
What happened?
Yeah.
Bring spelling Mistake.
No.
See the output?
Yes,
you're getting I'm cut.
Seven Tomcat seven conflict fight time.
Get mine,
Tom Cotton in conflict file.
So,
guys,
here,
you need to understand that First,
Awful.
Based on your requirement,
create one template.
So from time,
very hard.
A great number of objects.
So before going to create objects,
number off objects,
you have to know how many are just you want to create.
So our requirement these number of Tom gets,
That's why.
First,
I'm finding number off Tomcats from this function,
and I'm storing that in tow.
List off.
Tom Card's not based on this.
I need to create number of objects that dynamically.
I don't know how many objects I need to create in this.
We own number off our Tom gets.
That means we have to create them.
That many number of times are objects.
That's why for each file in this,
I'm creating your object first.
So by the completion of first generation,
you're going to get the information on board first Tomcat object that details.
I'm starting in the list.
That's it.
So that if we have some 100 Tom Carrots 100 object.
I'm soaring into this list.
It's object is having its one information right now.
Using for loop,
I'm taking one way one object and I am from that object.
I'm the calling display matter so that you're going to get the information about that
butler object.
So be clear while calling this matter.
We are not sending any information because already Well,
creating absurd in memory you got for each and every object.
This information on this metal is there from this class only that's why we told passing you
were information.
I mean,
these two attributes are variables you can ableto print them from using this display
Details mattered.
So that is not one days for this concept.
Only I explained this much court.
Okay,
maybe this is lengthy explanation,
but suppose if you are new to oops concert,
this will be useful somewhat.
Okay,
so they just try to practice those two chords,
go with Sylvester here and here,
and try to understand what is that?
Burned Is here the only at one daisies.
When What If you're calling display details at that time?
You don't need to send See here in your normal functions while calling displayed It is.
What I'm doing is I'm sending my information right and I'm taking from there and I need to
follow key and then index values.
But a year?
No need to send the word objects information unknown.
You're not depending one index or key.
Definitely.
You're taking variables somewhat easy.
No goingto arrange your keys.
Noting toe Abdel,
your in explosions.
Right?
So he's from no one birds.
Even though if it is a some no one object required Try to create a class so that you will
get idea how to use classes so once if we do practice class is very simple.
There is a lot of hard one day with the class that one days are nothing but money to pass
your arguments.
You are variables to your method which is there in the class.
So one method objects or one method attributes are variables you can use in the other
method for their partner object.
So that is that one day.
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
Thank you for watching this lengthy review for simple concert